Docs beta 26/7 (#959)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Set-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy.md

# Set-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy

## Synopsis

Allows an admin to modify the policy for cloud authentication roll-out in Microsoft Entra ID.

## Syntax

```powershell
Set-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy 
 [-Feature <FeatureEnum>] 
 [-IsEnabled <Boolean>] 
 -Id <String>
 [-IsAppliedToOrganization <Boolean>]
 [-AppliesTo <System.Collections.Generic.List`1[Microsoft.Open.MSGraph.Model.MsDirectoryObject]>]
 [-Description <String>] 
 [-DisplayName <String>] 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

> An admin uses the `Set-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to modify the cloud authentication roll-out policy including whether the method for cloud authentication is Pass-through Authentication or not (Password hash-sync) and whether Seamless SSO is enabled.
> Users in groups assigned to the policy start authenticating via the new authentication method and via Seamless SSO if specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An admin uses the `Set-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to modify the cloud authentication rollout policy. 

This includes specifying whether the method for cloud authentication is Pass-through Authentication or Password Hash Synchronization, and whether Seamless Single Sign-On (SSO) is enabled. 

Users in groups assigned to the policy will start authenticating using the new method and Seamless SSO, if it is specified.
```
